65: Which legendary Reddit post / comment can you still not get over?
84: Women who are therapists, what's your favourite and least favourite part of the job?
94: What's the weirdest thing you've seen happen at a friend's house that they thought was normal?
110: What are some common "facts" that people believe to be true even if the existing evidence states the contrary?
48: What seems harmless but is incredibly dangerous?
93: What are some harsh realities of life that every man will have to wrestle with at some point?
47: Former Flat Earthers. What made you come round?
138: Redditors who grew up poor: Besides practical money-saving measures, what were the unwritten social expectations of your world growing up?
54: What family secret was finally spilled in your family?
128: Has someone ever challenged you to something that they didn't know who are an expert at? If so how did it turn out for you/them?
61: What's the most high risk, low reward thing you've ever done?
122: Photographers of Reddit: What is the most outrageous photo shoot request you have received from an Instagram "influencer"?
82: If there was one movie you could completely delete from reality, what would it be?
232: You've found a suitecase full of $750k in cash in $100 dollar bills, in the brush next to a highway. You can tell that it's been there for at least a year. How would you integrate this money into your life without raising red flags?
40: What happened today that made you happy?
78: What are some of the darker effects Covid-19 has had that we don’t talk about?
250: When you're lying in bed at night, do you ever randomly remember some relatively minor social missteps or poorly chosen words you did/said years earlier? And then beat yourself up over it even though it really wasn't a big deal? If so, what happened?
124: Reddit, what is a wholesome, solitary activity that a person can do to help forget how awful and poor their current life is?
45: What simple “life hack” should everyone know?
88: People who don't get stressed during a presentation, school or work, what's your secret?
131: Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?
31: What are you STILL salty about?
65: What is something that people turn into their entire personality?
88: What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult?
144: What is a movie that after you finished watching it, you went "Oh shit" then went back and watched it again to pick up on everything you missed?
179: What was your reaction when you heard about the Norway women's handball team being fined and threatened with disqualification for wanting to wear shorts instead of bikini bottoms?
128: Has someone ever challenged you to something that they didn't know who are an expert at? If so how did it turn out for you/them?
106: [Serious] If you had taken your life one year ago, what beautiful things would you have had missed out on?
49: What are the best parts about living on your own?
162: You have died and find that instead of going to heaven, you've only leveled up to Earth 2.0. What are some things that make Earth 2.0 better but not quite heaven?
77: What are the big signs that a man is dangerous to be around, in your opinion?
98: What's your worst story from the "throw him in the pool, he'll learn how to swim" parenting style?
61: If cats had pockets what would you find in your cats pockets?
73: What is a thing that guys do that think its amazing but its actually not?
84: Women, what is something your date did (on the first date) that was a huge turn off?
85: Ladies, what is it like being wanted by a partner for something other than your body?
147: Stephen Covey said “Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply.” What are your thoughts on this?
113: Trevor Noah once said "America is 50 countries masquerading as one" do you think this is true or false if so why?
104: Teachers of reddit, what are some signs that a student is being abused or lives in a toxic environment ?
79: what's a hygiene tip that you think is underused and you wish more people knew?
116: What food can you bring to an office holiday part that says, "I brought food because the office party is mandatory"?
65: What weird thing would you make socially acceptable if you could?
112: Now that PBS has announced they'll be televising the impeachment hearings, what will the drinking game rules be?
127: High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you’d never tell them in person?
90: Since I asked men, now I’ll ask women. What are you most insecure about in a relationship?
79: Men of reddit, what do women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
144: Redditors, how would you feel about an option to block subreddits which you do not want to view? Would you be happy with this possible addition?
83: How is everyone enjoying Reddit while Instagram Facebook and whatsapp are all down?
135: How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?
73: What's something your employer did that instantly killed employee morale?
103: Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
91: What is something interesting you found out about women after you started living with them?
159: If an alien offered you a one week trip across the galaxy and back with the catch being 15 years passes on Earth, would you accept or reject the offer and why?
32: What are some VERY creepy facts?
92: What are problems women face but dont like bringing up because it's a "first world problem"?
70: What is something people think is a woman’s responsibility, but isn’t?
45: What was normal to have in 2010 but not 2020?
50: How do you handle all the casual sexism on Reddit?
79: Police officers of Reddit, who’s the smartest criminal you’ve ever encountered?
53: What has your pet accidentally conditioned you to do?
123: Your dog has heard all of your conversations, arguments and deepest secrets. It suddenly learns to talk. What would you do?
88: Women of Reddit, What's the most underrated thing people don't do in realtionships? why?
226: you are teleported into a game of your choice for a month, if you die in the game you die in real life BUT Whatever you collect in the game you can keep in real life. (skils, magic, items, pets, clothes) what game do you pick?
127: For five minutes you get transported 30 years into the future, you sit in front of a computer, what information to you look up?
103: Dog owners of Reddit: Would you cut of 5 years of your own life and give these to your dog? If so, why?
67: What’s a quote that permanently changed the way you look at things?
57: What would 12 year-old you never believe about adult you?
99: The 2010's decade will be over in 4 months. What do you think people will remember this decade for?
136: What is something that you could practice for 1 hour max every day, for an entire year and by the end of the year you'd be an expert in?
77: What's some popular self-care/self-love advice that is actually really toxic?
38: What the scariest true story you know?
76: How would you feel about a ban of “how would you feel” questions on the sub?
49: What's way more dangerous than most people think?
141: Parents of identical twins/triplets, how sure are you that you never accidentally switched them around and raised them under the wrong names?
47: Which type of tattoo makes you cringe the most?
131: Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?
128: For people so lose their appetite during depressive episodes, what’s the easiest way to maintain proper nutrients and self care?
196: There is a well known saying that goes "Always give the hardest job to the laziest person because they will find the easiest way to do it" what is the best real-life example to this you have seen?
65: What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
48: What "black market" did kids at your school run?
95: People who born deaf. How's your inner voice sound, or you just speak sign langue in your head?
113: What are some of the most recent instances of you realizing "oh, that's actually sexist and shouldn't be normal"?
85: When you had a strong intuition about someone that turned out to be true what was it?
56: People who wear hoodies when it is 100 degrees out, why?
52: Men, what could you not forgive your girlfriend for?
144: Redditors, how would you feel about an option to block subreddits which you do not want to view? Would you be happy with this possible addition?
80: Redditors with toddlers, what’s the most recent illogical breakdown they’ve had?
58: What are some acts of kindness you do around the holidays?
99: Women who married someone significantly less ambitious than you, what happened and did it work out?
47: What's a place easy to enter, but hard to exit?
85: What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
64: Redditors who were born at a very young age, what is your story?
90: Is it weird to ask your girlfriend where she’s going every time she leaves the house? Why?
89: Which album do you think has no bad songs on it, and can be listened all the way through?
154: Women who have witnessed their ideas being passed over and later witnessing a man presents the same idea, and then people listen... How did you handle it?
83: How is everyone enjoying Reddit while Instagram Facebook and whatsapp are all down?
144: Men of reddit, when your significant other asks "what are you thinking about?" and you reply with "nothing," what are you really thinking about?
86: what’s the cutest thing your girlfriend or wife does that the world should know about?
109: What’s your “fake scenario that will never happen but I like to imagine it anyway so that I can fall asleep”?
50: What movie death scene is seared into your memory?
68: What is a fact about the human body that not many people know about?
157: With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?
130: People who have ordered a bars "safeword" drink to get out of a bad situation, what was your date like and how did the staff help?
60: What can you not believe we still have to deal with in 2019?
71: What are some horrifying things to consider when thinking about aliens?
